Welcome to the BEE2.4 Application issue tracker! Here are a few guidelines you should follow when posting an issue:

1. **Make sure you are opening your issue on the correct repository (repro).** This repro is only for issues related to the BEE2.4 application itself; anything else goes on [BEE2-items](https://github.com/BEEmod/BEE2-items/issues).
2. Before reporting a bug or suggesting a feature, **please search through the existing issues** to make sure nobody has already reported/suggested it. Duplicate issues are unnecessary and will immediately be closed, no matter how severe an issue it may be. Do not intentionally open a duplicate issue in an attempt to remind us about a bug/feature.
3. **Please provide as much information as possible when reporting bugs.** Tell us what version of BEE2.4 you are using. If something is broken, include a screenshot, or even a GIF or video if necessary. If BEE2 is crashing, post the error message that appears. The more information you provide, the faster we'll be able to fix the bug.
4. **Please do not use the Issues page to ask questions.** This creates unnecessary issues which are only open for a brief period of time before being closed once the question is answered. If you have a question, first check the [FAQ](https://github.com/BEEmod/BEE2-items/wiki/FAQ); if you can't find it there you can ask your question on our [Discord server](https://discord.me/beemod).
5. If you have multiple bug reports or feature requests which are not related to each other, **please create separate issues instead of combining them.** This allows us to individually label the issues, and close them once they are fixed/implemented. Combined issues will immediately be closed, no matter how elaborate the post may be.
